so here's another product from Sudoku
which actually is very similar to the
air keyboard the one that I looked at
last time however there are a couple of
key differences between the air keyboard
and the air keyboard Conqueror for PC
and ps3 so one is that this guy works
with PC and ps3 and the other is that
instead of being purely an air mouse and
I'll explain a little bit what an air
Mouse's are just a moment as well as a
keyboard this one is also a dual analog
gamepad so check this out so you can see
they've built in the X square triangle
and circle logos that use that play Sony
PlayStation uses but they've also
numbered them for PC use you've also got
your d-pad up here actually feels fairly
well built - it's got kind of a
rubberized grip ii thing going on on the
sides here this side and this side and
then these have also a bit of a textured
rubberized finish to the top of them and
what do we got here so you got your
power you got your left and right click
I like the way they've implemented left
and right click on this one versus the
way it was done on the other one where
this was left click and this was right
click so I mean that kind of worked but
I think I do prefer this I have to
wonder if you can use the analog stick
as a mouse I wonder if they mention that
on the specification so let's see oh
this is cool - okay so here why don't we
go through what they have to say about
it so frequency range ok 2.4 gigahertz
gotcha
built in lithium ion rechargeable
battery so the other one you have to
change the batteries yourself this one
looks like it charges via USB it shows
really really nice what else we got here
operation time greater than 20 hours of
constant use which is awesome charging
time is three to four hours effective
range up to ten meters I'm inclined to
believe that based on how well the
sudoku air keyboard has been working for
me so far it's actually replaced all of
my other devices for my HTPC including
my phantom lap board including my what
was that brand I had an a/c oh I have
one of those as you blew too
keyboards it was about this big had a
trackpad on the side I was using one of
those for a little while and that one I
just kind of I gave up on once I started
using this guy hold the other one of
these and what else did I try you know
what it's just it's just a size thing
because for me having a keyboard on the
couch was just too inconvenient even if
it hadn't attached to trackpad and
especially something like the Phantom
lap board where it had a separate Mouse
it was just me it wasn't that it wasn't
really very elegant unto a room for two
pieces whereas for this I can just pick
up one thing so the way the air Mouse
works is you just kind of position it
somewhere and it'll zero itself and then
you go okay I want to move down and want
to move up I wanna move left I want to
move right so you kind of position
things it's reasonably accurate although
this is not a super ultra premium brand
by any stretch of the imagination and so
you know it wasn't necessarily what you
might expect out of someone like an
apple if they were to release a product
like that but it is accurate enough that
I could sit on my couch about 1215 feet
away from my TV and I can quite easily
navigate this is at 1080p so we're
talking small Mouse pointers and small
boxes to hit when I'm closing programs
or opening up a file or doing whatever
else it is I want to do and then all I
do is I take it I put it down on the
counter then the mouse goes away I watch
my movie and it's very very convenient
and the size is perfect cuz it fits in a
drawer you just grab it use it you can
type very easily so the full QWERTY
keyboard includes very almost every
button you need once again with this
model so you got even F keys I don't
think the other one has F keys that's
outstanding
caps lock you got shift over here the
other one had two shifts so I'm actually
going to kind of Miss that other shift
but this one they've put in a Windows
key here other one has a Windows key up
at the top somewhere so they have
changed the layout a little bit but I
don't see any real problems one thing
that I'm curious to see if they've
addressed is the no they haven't
addressed this I would like to see the
home world more like in the center and
if they compress the keyboard a little
bit on this side that would be nice
because otherwise you're kind of you're
reaching over a little bit more with
your right hand but as long as you sort
of remember and you don't try to just
touch type from them from a center like
this then it's not that big of a deal I
think I do like the keyboard on the air
keyboard itself but if you want the
additional convenience
so have a feel for having a gamepad
built into it I guess this isn't a bad
trade-off I like the way they've done
the ergonomics as well so they've got
kind of a contour thing here that is
very comfortable it kind of sits between
these two fingers here if you're using
the gamepad portion and then you just
hold it between these two fingers if you
want to actually type on the keyboard
the device is quite light sorry my
assistant got attacked by a cat so that
was not that ideal sounds like there's
something inside this one maybe it was
damaged during shipping but I'll try it
out and all I'll let you guys know if it
doesn't work that's probably the best
approach to take I have no idea what
this ports for okay maybe that's
something to do with Playstation because
I'm not much of a console guy so I don't
always I don't always know these things
but there's you charging I'm going to go
ahead and throw the battery in here so
it's got one of these covers on it too
they might pull this you could possibly
pull that no you want me to pull that if
I want to remove the battery after I put
it in there we go
and then the last thing we've got here
no batteries loaded look at that is
powered on already
hey you got a blue light in there
showing you is powered on and last but
not least we've got the charging cable
which is just your standard USB a 2 mini
beep and then finally we've got the
wireless dongle which as I mentioned
before with mine the range is excellent
the reliability is excellent compared to
some of the other ones that I've used in
the past that I haven't been nearly as
impressed with so thank you for checking
out my unboxing and first look at the oh
the shaking stun oh no it's not at the
Siddiq Oh err keyboard conquer don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
Ramon boxing's reviews another computer
videos